Codebook

Can psychological inoculation improve the effectiveness of a male-sensitive brochure for psychological help-seeking?

Data origins: 

The data used in this analysis was collected online via prolific as part of my MSc psychological research methods with data science final project. 
Participants were exposed to two behaviour change interventions designed to improve attitudes towards, and self-stigma around, psychological help-seeking.
 
Measures and variable names: 

The final data frame produced by this code (called “mdf3”) contains 16 columns which refer to variables used in the analysis, 
demographic data and transformed variables. A breakdown of these can be found below. 

"PROLIFIC_PID" is the unique ID assigned to participants from Prolific. 

"MGSQ" stands for the male gender scripts questionnaire, (Seager, Sullivan, & Barry, 2014).
 This is a psychometric scale designed to measure adherence to male gender scripts and was used to assess levels of masculinity. 
The range of possible scores is between 6 and 60 and higher values indicate higher adherence to masculinity. 

"ATSPPH" stands for Attitudes toward seeking professional psychological help scale short form. This is a psychometric scale designed to measure 
attitudes towards seeking psychological help. The range of possible scores is between 0 and 30 and highervalues indicate more supportive attitudes towards 
receiving psychological help.

"SSOSH" stands for Self-Stigma of Seeking Help scale. This is a psychometric scale designed to measure self-stigma around seeking psychological help. 
The range of possible scores is between 0 and 30 and higher values indicate greater self-stigma around receiving psychological help.

"Condition" contains qualitative data on which condition participants were assigned to, with levels PI (received psychological inoculation only), 
brochure (revived male sensitive help seeking brochure only), PI+brochure (received both treatments) and Cont (Control group who received neither treatment). 

"Comp_check" displays participants' total scores over 3 competition check questions for the brochure condition. Possible scores range from 0 to 3.  

"PI" is the dummy coded variable for the PI condition, with levels 1 (received) and 0 (did not receive).

 "Brochure" is the dummy coded variable for the brochure condition, with levels 1 (received) and 0 (did not receive).

"PHQ_9" stands for the Patient Health Questionnaire-9. This is a psychometric scale designed to measure levels of depression. 
The range of possible scores is between 0 and 30 and higher values indicate greater levels of depression.

"Age" is the age of each participant.      

"Ethnicity" is the ethnicity of each participant, with levels White, Asian, Other, Mixed and Black.

"Employment.status" is the employment status of each participant, with levels Part-Time,Full-Time, Unemployed (and job seeking),
DATA_EXPIRED, Not in paid work (e.g. homemaker', 'retired or disabled) and Other. 
         
"L_ATSPPH" is the log-transformed ATSPPH variable. 

"S_ATSPPH" is the square-transformed ATSPPH variable.  

  "L_SSOSH” is the log-transformed SSOSH variable. 

 "S_SSOSH" is the square-transformed SSOSH variable.

Additional comments: 

The first part of the script contains data from a screening phase of the study. Participants were screened for cut-off scores greater than or equal to 11 
and those who met these criteria were contacted by prolific to take part in the main experiment. 
The remained of the script uses data which was sourced from this second phase of the study after this process had been completed. 
The raw data found in the data file has been edited and only participant IP addresses have been removed. 
No other alterations have been made to the data downloaded from Prolific. 

